README.md, before:

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Hey+there,+I'm+Canady+Mitchem!;Software+Developer+from+Kansas+City;Full‑Stack+Engineer;Lifelong+Learner)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

## About Me

Hi! I'm **Canady Mitchem**, A Computer Engineering Student at the University of Missouri, Vice President of MUVR and Vr Developer. I also enjoy building full‑stack applications. My passion for technology drives me to explore new tools and frameworks, contribute to open‑source, and continuously learn and grow.  Outside of coding, I emjoy listening to music and playing video games.

##  Tech Stack

- **Languages:** JavaScript, Python, Java, C#, C
- **Frontend:** React, Next.js, HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend:** Node.js
- **Databases:** MongoDB
- **DevOps / Cloud:** Git & GitHub, AWS
- **Tools:** VS Code, GitHub Actions

##  Noteworthy Projects

- **[ShadowNotes](https://github.com/Canman2828/ShadowNotes):** ShadowNotes is a web extension that allows users to take notes directly on any webpage. Your notes are saved and can be revisited anytime you return to the page.
- [FlutterQuest:](https://github.com/Canman2828/Butterfly-game)  A Virtural Reality butterfly Catching came made in Unity and C#

Feel free to explore my repositories to see more of my work.

##  Goals

- Deepen my knowledge of software development
- Contribute to more open‑source projects
- Build scalable full‑stack applications that make a difference

## Let’s Connect

I'm always open to collaborating on interesting projects and exchanging ideas.  You can reach me through:

- GitHub: [@Canman2828](https://github.com/Canman2828)
- LinkedIn: [Canady Mitchem](https://www.linkedin.com/in/c-mitchem/)
- Email: Csmhgc@umsystem.edu

Thanks for stopping by!

Commit message:

Update README with Plant Suggester details
Added a description for the Plant Suggester project.

README.md, after:

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Hey+there,+I'm+Canady+Mitchem!;Software+Developer+from+Kansas+City;Full‑Stack+Engineer;Lifelong+Learner)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

## About Me

Hi! I'm **Canady Mitchem**, A Computer Engineering Student at the University of Missouri, Vice President of MUVR and Vr Developer. I also enjoy building full‑stack applications. My passion for technology drives me to explore new tools and frameworks, contribute to open‑source, and continuously learn and grow.  Outside of coding, I emjoy listening to music and playing video games.

##  Tech Stack

- **Languages:** JavaScript, Python, Java, C#, C
- **Frontend:** React, Next.js, HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend:** Node.js
- **Databases:** MongoDB
- **DevOps / Cloud:** Git & GitHub, AWS
- **Tools:** VS Code, GitHub Actions

##  Noteworthy Projects

- **[ShadowNotes](https://github.com/Canman2828/ShadowNotes):** ShadowNotes is a web extension that allows users to take notes directly on any webpage. Your notes are saved and can be revisited anytime you return to the page.
- [FlutterQuest:](https://github.com/Canman2828/Butterfly-game)  A Virtural Reality butterfly Catching came made in Unity and C#
- [Plant Suggester](https://github.com/Canman2828/TigerHacks24) Developed a Python-based application utilizing the Google Maps API to recommend suitable plants based on a user’s location

Feel free to explore my repositories to see more of my work.

##  Goals

- Deepen my knowledge of software development
- Contribute to more open‑source projects
- Build scalable full‑stack applications that make a difference

## Let’s Connect

I'm always open to collaborating on interesting projects and exchanging ideas.  You can reach me through:

- GitHub: [@Canman2828](https://github.com/Canman2828)
- LinkedIn: [Canady Mitchem](https://www.linkedin.com/in/c-mitchem/)
- Email: Csmhgc@umsystem.edu

Thanks for stopping by!
